feat: v13 guide (#551)
discordjs/guide: guide/additional-info/changes-in-v13.md

# Updating from v12 to v13

## Before you start

> v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it!  There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.
```

> Once you got Node up-to-date you can install v12 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Once you got Node up-to-date you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.
```

You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Intents

As v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8, it will now be **required** to specify intents in your Client constructor.
For more information, refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents)

:::danger

`clientOptions.disableMentions` has been removed and replaced with `clientOptions.allowedMentions`!

The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific ID if desired. Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.

```diff
- const client = new Discord.Client({ disableMentions: 'everyone' });
+ const client = new Discord.Client({ allowedMentions: { parse: ['users', 'roles'], repliedUser: true } });

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

```diff
- guild.member(user);
+ guild.members.cache.get(user.id)
```

#### Guild#voice

The `Guild#voice` getter has been removed.

```diff
- guild.voice
+ guild.me.voice
```

### GuildMember / GuildMemberManager

#### GuildMember#ban / GuildMemberManager#ban

`GuildMember#ban()` and `GuildMemberManager#ban` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- member.ban('reason')
+ member.ban({ reason: 'reason' })

- guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', 'reason')
+ guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', { reason: 'reason' })
```

### Message / MessageManager

#### Message#delete / MessageManager#delete

`Message.delete()` and `MessageManager.delete()` no longer accept any options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- message.delete({ timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => message.delete(), 10000);
```

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#fetch

`RoleManager.fetch()` will now return a Collection instead of a RoleManager when called without params.

### User

#### User#locale

`User.locale` has been removed, as this property is not exposed to bots.

### UserFlags

> The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER/EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favour of their renamed versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER`/`EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favour of their renamed versions.
```

```diff
- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.DISCORD_PARTNER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.PARTNERED_SERVER_OWNER)

- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.VERIFIED_DEVELOPER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.EARLY_VERIFIED_BOT_DEVELOPER)
```

## Additions

### ActivityTypes

New activity type `COMPETING` added.

### Channel

#### Channel#isText()

The new `Channel#isText()` getter provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news")

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize

> The new `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option allows developers to set a fixed limit on the edit history stored for each message in the client cache. 

Reviewer 3: This was a v12 option which is removed in v13 -- v13 no longer stores message edit history at all.

> The new `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option allows developers to set set a fixed limit on the edit history stored for each message in the client cache. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The new `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option allows developers to set a fixed limit on the edit history stored for each message in the client cache. 
```

### GuildManager

#### GuildManager#create

The `GuildManager#create` method now supports specifying the AFK and system channels when creating a new guild.

### GuildEmojiManager

#### GuildEmojiManager#fetch

API support for the `GET /guilds/{guild.id}/emojis` endpoint.

### GuildMemberManager

Methods were added to `GuildMemberManager` to provide API support for uncached members.

#### GuildMemberManager#edit

`guild.members.edit('123456789012345678', data, reason)`

Approximately equivalent to `GuildMember#edit(data, reason)` but does not resolve to a GuildMember.

#### GuildMemberManager#kick

`guild.members.kick('123456789012345678', reason)`

Equivalent to `GuildMember#kick(reason)`

### GuildTemplate

> API support for [Server Templates](https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/pull/2144)

Reviewer 5: ty for the pr link, but might be better to link to the live docs page?

```suggestion
API support for [Server Templates](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/template)
```

# Updating from v12 to v13

## Before you start

v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

> Once you've got Node up-to-date you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.
```

> You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x, uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.
```

Reviewer 7: > `and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update.`

Uh, not sure about that one. For one, no matter whatever was in package.json, it was removed and replaced with new `^13.x.y` after installing. There's also a reason for it to always be installed with `^`, and there is a reason for why we're uninstalling and not just updating.

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Intents

As v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8, it will now be **required** to specify intents in your Client constructor.

> For more information, refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).
```

> :::danger

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
### Allowed Mentions

:::danger
```

`clientOptions.disableMentions` has been removed and replaced with `clientOptions.allowedMentions`!

> The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific ID if desired. Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific ID. Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.
```

```diff
- const client = new Discord.Client({ disableMentions: 'everyone' });
+ const client = new Discord.Client({ allowedMentions: { parse: ['users', 'roles'], repliedUser: true } });
```

> :::

Reviewer 5: why is this in the Intents section?

Author: Its just missing a heading. The intents "section" is that one paragraph.

### Replies / Message#reply

> `Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behaviour with Discord's reply feature.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
`Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.
```

`MessageOptions.reply` (User ID) has been removed, replaced with `MessageOptions.replyTo` (Message ID)

```diff
- channel.send('content', { reply: '123456789012345678' })` // User ID
+ channel.send('content', { replyTo: '765432109876543219' })` // Message ID
```

The new `MessageOptions.allowedMentions.repliedUser` boolean option determines if the reply will notify the author of the original message.

```diff
- message.reply('content')
+ message.reply('content', { allowedMentions: { repliedUser: false }})
```

### Bitfields / Permissions

> The usage of string literals for bitfields such as `Permissions` and `UserFlags` is discouraged, you should use the flag instead.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The usage of string literals for bitfields such as `Permissions` and `UserFlags` is discouraged; you should use the flag instead.
```
Either a semi-colon or a new sentence works.

```diff
- permissions.has('SEND_MESSAGES')
+ permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES)
```

### Webpack

Webpack builds are no longer supported.

## Changes and deletions

### Client

#### Client#emojis

> The Client Emoji manager is now a `BaseGuildEmojiManager`, providing cache resolution only and removing methods which would fail to create emojis as there was no Guild context.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The Client Emoji manager is now a `BaseGuildEmojiManager`, providing cache resolution only and removing methods that would fail to create emojis as there was no Guild context.
```

#### Client#generateInvite

`Client#generateInvite` no longer supports `PermissionsResolvable` as its argument, requiring `InviteGenerationOptions`.

To provide permissions, use `InviteGenerationOptions#permissions`.
```diff
- client.generateInvite([Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES]);
+ client.generateInvite({ permissions: [Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES] })
```

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers

The `ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers` option has been removed.

> With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes major delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors. As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes significant delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors. As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.
```

> With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes major delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors. As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

Reviewer 5: will there be an example code for an alternative here or elsewhere in the guide? while this shouldn't be recommended, it is unfortunately needed for getting previous state in events (and unfortunately d.js defaults to dropping the event if it isn't cached)

Reviewer 8: There is no alternative to it directly.

The only alternative and always recommended way was fetching members when needed, or just calling `.fetch()` directly on the guilds members collection if you really need it.

Reviewer 3: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/blob/ee5bc1a5c4e218ea1f16992694a2bff86c86d2d2/test/random.js#L21-L40 was what I added when we removed the opt, which mostly achieves the same thing, not perfect though.

#### ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize

The `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option has been removed.

> To reduce on caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. This will need to be manually implemented if required.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To reduce caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. You will need to implement this yourself if required.
```

### Guild

#### Guild#member

The helper/shortcut method `Guild#member()` has been removed.

```diff
- guild.member(user);
+ guild.members.cache.get(user.id)
```

#### Guild#voice

The `Guild#voice` getter has been removed.

```diff
- guild.voice
+ guild.me.voice
```

### GuildMember 

#### GuildMember#ban

`GuildMember#ban()` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- member.ban('reason')
+ member.ban({ reason: 'reason' })
```

### GuildMember#hasPermission

This shortcut method has been removed.

```diff

> - member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
> + member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
- member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
+ member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES) || member.id === guild.ownerID;
```

Reviewer 9: That's already included in the other check: https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/blob/master/src/structures/GuildMember.js#L219

Reviewer 5: ah, so now `checkOwner` is always true? might want to include how to check if they have a permission without checking if they are owner (although idk if anyone actually set it to false)

Reviewer 10: Has been the case for the GuildMember#permissions getter all along, but is neither documented nor optional. Seemingly an oversight of the author of the [PR](https://github.com/discordjs/discord.js/pull/5152) that removed #hasPermission:

>  Unlike the only addition checkOwner for this entire method, that the users can very easily implement.

This is wrong, as it's already implicitly included.

I personally don't really see a use case for these pseudo permissions, but if there is we could re-introduce the check in the #permissions getter.  In either case it should be documented.

Author: This isn't a permissions guide though. This is only supposed to be direct changes from v12 to v13

> ```diff
> - member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
> + member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
> ```

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```diff
- member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
+ member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES) || member.id === guild.ownerID;
```
```

### GuildMemberManager

#### GuildMemberManager#ban

``GuildMemberManager#ban` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', 'reason')
+ guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', { reason: 'reason' })
```

### Message / MessageManager

#### Message#delete

`Message.delete()` no longer accepts any options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- message.delete({ timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => message.delete(), 10000);
```

> `reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
`reason` is no longer a parameter as the API does not use it.
```

#### MessageManager#delete

`MessageManager.delete()` no longer accepts any additional options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678', { timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678'), 10000);
```

> `reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
`reason` is no longer a parameter as the API does not use it.
```

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#create

The options passed to `RoleManager#create` no longer need to be nested in a `data` object.
Additionally, `reason` is now part of the options, not a second parameter.

```diff
- guild.roles.create({ data: { name: "New role" } }, "Creating new role");
+ guild.roles.create({ name: "New role", reason: "Creating new role" })
```

#### RoleManager#fetch

`RoleManager.fetch()` will now return a Collection instead of a RoleManager when called without params.

### User

#### User#locale

`User.locale` has been removed, as this property is not exposed to bots.

### UserFlags

> The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` / `EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favour of their renamed versions.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` / `EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favor of their renamed versions.
```

```diff
- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.DISCORD_PARTNER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.PARTNERED_SERVER_OWNER)

- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.VERIFIED_DEVELOPER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.EARLY_VERIFIED_BOT_DEVELOPER)
```

### Util

#### Util#convertToBuffer

#### Util#str2ab

> Both removed in favor of Node built-in Buffer methods.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Both were removed in favor of Node built-in Buffer methods.
```

> Both removed in favour of Node built-in Buffer methods.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Both removed in favor of Node built-in Buffer methods.
```

## Additions

### ActivityTypes

New activity type `COMPETING` added.

### Channel

#### Channel#isText()

The new `Channel#isText()` getter provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news")

### CollectorOptions

#### CollectorOptions#filter

Constructing a Collector without providing a filter function will now throw a meaningful `TypeError`.

### Guild

#### Guild#emojis

The `GuildEmojiManager` now extends `BaseGuildEmojiManager`.

In addition to the existing methods, it now supports `GuildEmojiManager#fetch`.

### GuildManager

#### GuildManager#create

The `GuildManager#create` method now supports specifying the AFK and system channels when creating a new guild.

### GuildEmojiManager

#### GuildEmojiManager#fetch

API support for the `GET /guilds/{guild.id}/emojis` endpoint.

### GuildMember

#### GuildMember#pending

> The `GuildMember#pending` boolean property flags whether a member has passed the Guild's membership gate.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The `GuildMember#pending` boolean property flags whether a member has passed the guild's membership gate.
```

> The flag is `true` prior to accepting, and fires `guildMemberUpdate` when the member accepts.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
The flag is `true` before accepting and fires `guildMemberUpdate` when the member accepts.
```

### GuildMemberManager

Methods were added to `GuildMemberManager` to provide API support for uncached members.

#### GuildMemberManager#edit

`guild.members.edit('123456789012345678', data, reason)`

> Approximately equivalent to `GuildMember#edit(data, reason)` but does not resolve to a GuildMember.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
It is approximately equivalent to `GuildMember#edit(data, reason)` but does not resolve to a GuildMember.
```

#### GuildMemberManager#kick

`guild.members.kick('123456789012345678', reason)`

Equivalent to `GuildMember#kick(reason)`

### GuildMemberRoleManager

#### GuildMemberRoleManager#botRole

> Gets the managed role this member created when joining the guild, if any.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Gets the managed role this member created when joining the guild if any.
```

`member.roles.botRole`

#### GuildMemberRoleManager#premiumSubscriberRole

Gets the premium subscriber (booster) role if present on the member.

`member.roles.premiumSubscriberRole`

### GuildTemplate

API support for [Server Templates](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/template)

### Integration

#### Integration#roles

Provides a Collection of Roles managed by the integration.

### Message

#### Message#crosspostable

> Permission helper to check if a Message can be crossposted

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Permission helper to check if a Message can be crossposted.
```

#### Message#react

> Added support for `<:name:id>` and `<a:name:id>` as valid inputs to `Message#react()`

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Added support for `<:name:id>` and `<a:name:id>` as valid inputs to `Message#react()`.
```

#### Message#referencedMessage

> Gets the message this message references, if this message is a crosspost/reply/pin-add and the referenced message is cached.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Gets the message this message references if this message is a crosspost/reply/pin-add and the referenced message is cached.
```

`channel.messages.crosspost('765432109876543210')`

Equivalent to `message.crosspost()`

#### MessageManager#edit

`channel.messages.edit('765432109876543210', content, options)`

Equivalent to `message.edit(content, options)`

#### MessageManager#pin

`channel.messages.pin('765432109876543210', options)`

Approximately equivalent to `message.pin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.

#### MessageManager#react

`channel.messages.react('765432109876543210', emoji)`

Approximately equivalent to `message.react(emoji)` but does not resolve to a MessageReaction.

#### MessageManager#unpin

`channel.messages.unpin('765432109876543210', options)`

Approximately equivalent to `message.unpin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.

### NewsChannel

#### NewsChannel#addFollower

`channel.addFollower(channel)`

Provides API support for bots to follow announcements in other channels

#### NewsChannel#setType

`channel.setType('text')`

Allows conversion between NewsChannel and TextChannel

### Role

#### Role#tags

Tags for roles belonging to bots, integrations, or premium subscribers.

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#botRoleFor

`guild.roles.botRoleFor(user)`

> Gets the managed role a bot created when joining the guild, if any.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
Gets the managed role a bot created when joining the guild if any.
```

# Updating from v12 to v13

## Before you start

v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

Once you've got Node up-to-date you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

> You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

Author: Happy to change the first line, but I don't think the second line should be removed. It's a good safety check if anything goes wrong installing (not that it really ever should)

> You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

Reviewer 10: > there's no uninstallation needed

Technically true, practically somehow sometimes under certain conditions installing the new major "over" the old one, rather than removing it first has caused massive issues for some people in support on the v11 -> v12 switch. I personally could never reproduce any of it, but somehow people managed to end up with mixed versions where some files were still v11.

```diff
- channel.send("content", { reply: '123456789012345678' })` // User ID
+ channel.send("content", { replyTo: '765432109876543219' })` // Message ID
```

The new `MessageOptions.allowedMentions.repliedUser` boolean option determines if the reply will notify the author of the original message.

```diff
- message.reply('content')
+ message.reply('content', { allowedMentions: { repliedUser: false }})
```

### Bitfields / Permissions

Bitfields such as Permissions and UserFlags will no longer support the use of string literals, instead requiring use of the flag.

```diff
- permissions.has('SEND_MESSAGES')
+ permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES)
```

### Webpack

Webpack builds are no longer supported.

## Changes and deletions

### Client

#### Client#emojis

The Client Emoji manager is now a `BaseGuildEmojiManager`, providing cache resolution only and removing methods which would fail to create emojis as there was no Guild context.

#### Client#generateInvite

`Client#generateInvite` no longer supports `PermissionsResolvable` as its argument, requiring `InviteGenerationOptions`.

> To provide permissions, use `InviteGenerationOptions#permissions`.

Reviewer 10: Either leave as is or remove the linebreak altogether

```diff
- client.generateInvite([Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES]);
+ client.generateInvite({ permissions: [Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES] })
```

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers

The `ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers` option has been removed.

With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes major delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors. As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

#### ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize

The `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option has been removed.

To reduce on caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. This will need to be manually implemented if required.
### Guild

#### Guild#member

The helper/shortcut method `Guild#member()` has been removed.

```diff
- guild.member(user);

> + guild.members.cache.get(user.id)

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
+ guild.members.resolve(user);
```

Author: We don't encourage the user of `resolve` methods, so no change here imo

```

#### Guild#voice

The `Guild#voice` getter has been removed.

```diff
- guild.voice
+ guild.me.voice
```

### GuildMember 

#### GuildMember#ban

`GuildMember#ban()` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- member.ban('reason')
+ member.ban({ reason: 'reason' })
```

### GuildMember#hasPermission

This shortcut method has been removed.

```diff

> - member.hasPermission(Permission.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
> + member.permissions.has(Permission.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
- member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
+ member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
```

```

### GuildMemberManager

#### GuildMemberManager#ban

``GuildMemberManager#ban` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', 'reason')
+ guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', { reason: 'reason' })
```

### Message / MessageManager

#### Message#delete

`Message.delete()` no longer accepts any options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- message.delete({ timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => message.delete(), 10000);
```

`reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

#### MessageManager#delete

`MessageManager.delete()` no longer accepts any additional options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff

> - channel.messages.delete(''123456789012345678', { timeout: 10000 });

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
- channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678', { timeout: 10000 });
```

+ client.setTimeout(() => channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678'), 10000);
```

`reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

> 
> 

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion

```

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#create

The options passed to `RoleManager#create` no longer need to be nested in a `data` object.

> 
> Additionally `reason` is now part of the options, not a second parameter

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
Additionally, `reason` is now part of the options, not a second parameter.
```

```diff
- guild.roles.create({ data: { name: "New role" } }, "Creating new role");
+ guild.roles.create({ name: "New role", reason: "Creating new role" })
```

#### RoleManager#fetch

`RoleManager.fetch()` will now return a Collection instead of a RoleManager when called without params.

### User

#### User#locale

`User.locale` has been removed, as this property is not exposed to bots.

### UserFlags

The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` / `EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favour of their renamed versions.

```diff
- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.DISCORD_PARTNER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.PARTNERED_SERVER_OWNER)

- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.VERIFIED_DEVELOPER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.EARLY_VERIFIED_BOT_DEVELOPER)
```

> 
> ### Util
> 
> #### Util#convertToBuffer
> 
> #### Util#str2ab
> 
> Both removed in favour of Node built-in Buffer methods.
> 

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion

```
Those methods were marked as private, should they be listed here?

## Additions

### ActivityTypes

New activity type `COMPETING` added.

> 
> ### Channel
> 
> #### Channel#isText()
> 
> The new `Channel#isText()` getter provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news")
> 

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion

```
This already exists on v12

Author: It's still a new feature, I don't see the harm in listing it

### CollectorOptions

#### CollectorOptions#filter

Constructing a Collector without providing a filter function will now throw a meaningful `TypeError`.

> ### Guild

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
### Guild

```

#### Message#react

Added support for `<:name:id>` and `<a:name:id>` as valid inputs to `Message#react()`

#### Message#referencedMessage

Gets the message this message references, if this message is a crosspost/reply/pin-add and the referenced message is cached.

### MessageManager

Methods were added to `MessageManager` to provide API support for uncached messages.

#### MessageManager#crosspost

`channel.messages.crosspost('765432109876543210')`

Equivalent to `message.crosspost()`

#### MessageManager#edit

`channel.messages.edit('765432109876543210', content, options)`

Equivalent to `message.edit(content, options)`

#### MessageManager#pin

`channel.messages.pin('765432109876543210', options)`

Approximately equivalent to `message.pin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.

#### MessageManager#react

`channel.messages.react('765432109876543210', emoji)`

Approximately equivalent to `message.react(emoji)` but does not resolve to a MessageReaction.

#### MessageManager#unpin

`channel.messages.unpin('765432109876543210', options)`

Approximately equivalent to `message.unpin(options)` but does not resolve to a Message.

### NewsChannel

> 
> #### NewsChannel#addFollower
> 
> `channel.addFollower(channel)`
> 
> Provides API support for bots to follow announcements in other channels
> 

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion

```
This method exists on v12 already

Author: Add above, no harm in listing new things

#### NewsChannel#setType

> `channel.setType("text")`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
`channel.setType('text')`
```

Allows conversion between NewsChannel and TextChannel

### Role

#### Role#tags

Tags for roles belonging to bots, integrations, or premium subscribers.

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#botRoleFor

`guild.roles.botRoleFor(user)`

> Get the managed role a user created when joining the guild, if any.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
Gets the managed role a bot created when joining the guild, if any.
```

Author: "user" comes from the JSdoc comments for this method, so I don't agree with this change.

Reviewer 10: Well, this is the method to find a bot's managed role created through the oauth flow - if it's not a bot it won't have one. Saying "user" here suggests that this might be something users can do as well

#### RoleManager#premiumSubscriberRole

`guild.roles.premiumSubscriberRole`

Gets the premium subscriber (booster) role for the Guild, if any

### TextChannel

#### TextChannel#setType

> `channel.setType("news")`

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
`channel.setType('news')`
```

The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific ID. Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.

```diff
- const client = new Discord.Client({ disableMentions: 'everyone' });
+ const client = new Discord.Client({ allowedMentions: { parse: ['users', 'roles'], repliedUser: true } });
```

:::

### Replies / Message#reply

`Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.

`MessageOptions.reply` (User ID) has been removed, replaced with `MessageOptions.replyTo` (Message ID)

```diff
- channel.send('content', { reply: '123456789012345678' })` // User ID
+ channel.send('content', { replyTo: '765432109876543219' })` // Message ID
```

The new `MessageOptions.allowedMentions.repliedUser` boolean option determines if the reply will notify the author of the original message.

```diff
- message.reply('content')
+ message.reply('content', { allowedMentions: { repliedUser: false }})
```

> 

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Note that this will disable all other mentions in this message. To enable other mentions, you will need to include other `allowedMentions` fields. See the above "Allowed Mentions" section for more.

```

The options passed to `RoleManager#create` no longer need to be nested in a `data` object.
Additionally, `reason` is now part of the options, not a second parameter.

```diff
- guild.roles.create({ data: { name: "New role" } }, "Creating new role");
+ guild.roles.create({ name: "New role", reason: "Creating new role" })
```

#### RoleManager#fetch

`RoleManager.fetch()` will now return a Collection instead of a RoleManager when called without params.

### User

#### User#locale

`User.locale` has been removed, as this property is not exposed to bots.

### UserFlags

The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` / `EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favor of their renamed versions.

```diff
- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.DISCORD_PARTNER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.PARTNERED_SERVER_OWNER)

- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.VERIFIED_DEVELOPER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.EARLY_VERIFIED_BOT_DEVELOPER)
```

### Util

#### Util#convertToBuffer

#### Util#str2ab

Both were removed in favor of Node built-in Buffer methods.

## Additions

### ActivityTypes

New activity type `COMPETING` added.

### Channel

#### Channel#isText()

> The new `Channel#isText()` getter provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news")

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
The new `Channel#isText()` function provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news")
```

Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

## API Version

Discord.js v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8.
## Slash Commands

Discord.js now has support for Slash Commands!

Refer to the [Interactions](/interactions/registering-slash-commands) section of this guide to get started.

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Intents

As v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8, it will now be **required** to specify intents in your Client constructor. 

They also move from `ClientOptions#ws#intents` to the top level `ClientOptions#intents`.

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Author: Can you be more specific? Is the link incorrect?

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 11: That page about intents details is still using the v12 way of passing intents in the [example](https://discordjs.guide/popular-topics/intents.html#enabling-intents) code.

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 11: If we make a new PR, it won't be merged until v13, which means that until then the link in this PR will keep showing the old way. We direct users to this page in support, so links to outdated details might create confusion to them.

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Author: It's still out of scope of this guide imo. This isn't a guide-wide v13 update.

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 11: If that's what the final decision is then I wouldn't mind opening a PR to add the required changes if someone hasn't already started working on it. 👍

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 10: This is a single-page update, indeed.

Us being able to link to a preview in tags and the discord server is more or less us (ab)using the fact that we use netlify as CI, which happens to provide a staging deploy. The idea is more to be able and view the content in the same format the end user will see it before merging it, not to spread it widely.

We will be merging this PR last before archiving v11/v12 on its own subdomain and moving on with porting the guide to v13 (which then should hopefully be done by the time v13 is released to stable)

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 11: I see, I was under the impression that all of the initial v13 updates were being added here. So, should I open a PR which will update the details in intents page to be inline with v13?

> Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

Reviewer 10: yeah, sure!
this PR is still meant for the v12-completion milestone, whereas the change you propose is a post-v12 change.

### Webpack

Webpack builds are no longer supported.

## Changes and deletions

### Client

#### Client#emojis

The Client Emoji manager is now a `BaseGuildEmojiManager`, providing cache resolution only and removing methods that would fail to create emojis as there was no Guild context.

#### Client#fetchApplication

This method has been removed and replaced with the `Client#application` property

```diff
- client.fetchApplication().then(application => console.log(application.name))
+ console.log(client.application.name);
```

#### Client#generateInvite

`Client#generateInvite` no longer supports `PermissionsResolvable` as its argument, requiring `InviteGenerationOptions`.

To provide permissions, use `InviteGenerationOptions#permissions`.
```diff
- client.generateInvite([Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES]);
+ client.generateInvite({ permissions: [Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES] })
```

`InviteGenerationOptions` also supports passing additional scopes, for OAuth or application.commands scopes.

### Client#login

> Previously when a token had reached its 1000 login limit for the day, discord.js would treat this as a rate limit and silenty wait to login again, but this was not communicated to the user.

Reviewer 12: ```suggestion
Previously when a token had reached its 1000 login limit for the day, discord.js would treat this as a rate limit and silently wait to login again, but this was not communicated to the user.
```

This will now instead cause an error to be thrown.

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers

The `ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers` option has been removed.

With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes significant delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors. As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

#### ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize

The `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option has been removed.

To reduce caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. You will need to implement this yourself if required.

### ClientUser

#### ClientUser#setActivity

This method no longer returns a Promise

#### ClientUser#setAFK

This method no longer returns a Promise

#### ClientUser#setPresence

`PresenceData#activity` is replaced with `PresenceData#activities` which now requires an `Array<ActivitiesOptions>`

```diff
- client.user.setPresence({ activity: { name: 'with discord.js' });

> + client.user.setPresences({ activities: [{ name: 'with discord.js' }]);

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
+ client.user.setPresence({ activities: [{ name: 'with discord.js' }]);
```
`setPresence` not `setPresences`

# Updating from v12 to v13

## Before you start

v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

> You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x, uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.
```

They also move from `ClientOptions#ws#intents` to the top level `ClientOptions#intents`.

Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

```diff
- const client = new Client({ ws: { intents: [Intents.FLAGS.GUILDS, Intents.FLAGS.GUILD_MESSAGES] });
+ const client = new Client({ intents: [Intents.FLAGS.GUILDS, Intents.FLAGS.GUILD_MESSAGES] });
```

### Allowed Mentions

`clientOptions.disableMentions` has been removed and replaced with `clientOptions.allowedMentions`!

The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific ID. Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.

```diff
- const client = new Discord.Client({ disableMentions: 'everyone' });
+ const client = new Discord.Client({ allowedMentions: { parse: ['users', 'roles'], repliedUser: true } });
```

### Replies / Message#reply

`Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.

> `MessageOptions.reply` no longer takes a User ID. It has been replaced with a `ReplyOptions` type, expecting `MessageOptions.reply.messageReference` as a Message ID

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
`MessageOptions.reply` no longer takes a User ID. It has been replaced with a `ReplyOptions` type, expecting `MessageOptions.reply.messageReference` as a Message ID.
```

```diff

> - channel.send('content', { reply: '123456789012345678' })` // User ID

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
- channel.send('content', { reply: '123456789012345678' }); // User ID
```

> + channel.send('content', { reply: { messageReference: '765432109876543219' }})` // Message ID

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
+ channel.send('content', { reply: { messageReference: '765432109876543219' }}); // Message ID
```

+ client.generateInvite({ permissions: [Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES] })
```

`InviteGenerationOptions` also supports passing additional scopes, for OAuth or application.commands scopes.

### Client#login

Previously when a token had reached its 1000 login limit for the day, discord.js would treat this as a rate limit and silently wait to login again, but this was not communicated to the user.

This will now instead cause an error to be thrown.

### ClientOptions

#### ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers

The `ClientOptions#fetchAllMembers` option has been removed.

With the introduction of gateway intents, the `fetchAllMembers` Client option would often fail and causes significant delays in ready states or even cause timeout errors. As its purpose is contradictory to Discord's intentions to reduce scraping of user and presence data, it has been removed.

#### ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize

The `ClientOptions#messageEditHistoryMaxSize` option has been removed.

To reduce caching, discord.js will no longer store an edit history. You will need to implement this yourself if required.

### ClientUser

#### ClientUser#setActivity

> This method no longer returns a Promise

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
This method no longer returns a Promise.
```

#### ClientUser#setAFK

> This method no longer returns a Promise

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
This method no longer returns a Promise.
```

#### ClientUser#setPresence

> `PresenceData#activity` is replaced with `PresenceData#activities` which now requires an `Array<ActivitiesOptions>`

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
`PresenceData#activity` is replaced with `PresenceData#activities` which now requires an `Array<ActivitiesOptions>`.
```

```diff
- client.user.setPresence({ activity: { name: 'with discord.js' } });
+ client.user.setPresence({ activities: [{ name: 'with discord.js' }] });
```

This method no longer returns a Promise.

#### ClientUser#setStatus

> This method no longer returns a Promise

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
This method no longer returns a Promise.
```

```diff
- member.hasPermission(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
+ member.permissions.has(Permissions.FLAGS.SEND_MESSAGES);
```

### GuildMemberManager

#### GuildMemberManager#ban

`GuildMemberManager#ban` will throw a TypeError when a string is provided instead of an options object.

```diff
- guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', 'reason')
+ guild.members.ban('123456789012345678', { reason: 'reason' })
```

### Message / MessageManager

#### Message#delete

`Message.delete()` no longer accepts any options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- message.delete({ timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => message.delete(), 10000);
```

`reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

#### MessageManager#delete

`MessageManager.delete()` no longer accepts any additional options, requiring a timed-delete to be performed manually.

```diff
- channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678', { timeout: 10000 });
+ client.setTimeout(() => channel.messages.delete('123456789012345678'), 10000);
```

`reason` is no longer a parameter as it is not used by the API.

### ReactionUserManager

#### ReactionUserManager#fetch

> The `before` option has been removed as it was not supported by the API

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
The `before` option has been removed as it was not supported by the API.
```

### RoleManager

#### RoleManager#create

The options passed to `RoleManager#create` no longer need to be nested in a `data` object.
Additionally, `reason` is now part of the options, not a second parameter.

```diff
- guild.roles.create({ data: { name: "New role" } }, "Creating new role");
+ guild.roles.create({ name: "New role", reason: "Creating new role" })
```

#### RoleManager#fetch

`RoleManager.fetch()` will now return a Collection instead of a RoleManager when called without params.

### Shard

#### Shard#respawn

The options for this method are now an object instead of separate params. In addition the `spawnTimeout` param has been renamed to `timeout`.

This means the user no longer needs to pass defaults to fill each positional param.

```diff
- shard.respawn(500, 30000);
+ shard.respawn({ delay: 500, timeout: 30000 });
```

#### Shard#spawn

> The `spawnTimeout` param has been renamed to `timeout`

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
The `spawnTimeout` param has been renamed to `timeout`.
```

This means the user no longer needs to pass defaults to fill each positional param.

```diff
- manager.respawnAll(5000, 500, 30000);
+ manager.respawnAll({ shardDelay: 5000, respawnDelay: 500, timeout: 30000 });
```

### User

#### User#locale

`User.locale` has been removed, as this property is not exposed to bots.

### UserFlags

The deprecated UserFlags `DISCORD_PARTNER` and `VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` / `EARLY_VERIFIED_DEVELOPER` have been removed in favor of their renamed versions.

```diff
- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.DISCORD_PARTNER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.PARTNERED_SERVER_OWNER)

- user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.VERIFIED_DEVELOPER)
+ user.flags.has(UserFlags.FLAGS.EARLY_VERIFIED_BOT_DEVELOPER)
```

### Util

#### Util#convertToBuffer

#### Util#str2ab

Both were removed in favor of Node built-in Buffer methods.

## Additions

### ActivityTypes

New activity type `COMPETING` added.

### APIRequest

Global headers can now be set in the HTTP options.

### ApplicationFlags

New class `ApplicationFlags`, a bitfield for ClientApplication flags.

### Channel

#### Channel#isText()

> The new `Channel#isText()` function provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news")

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
The new `Channel#isText()` function provides an easy way for TypeScript developers to determine if a channel is Text-Based ("dm", "text", "news").
```

### CollectorOptions

#### CollectorOptions#filter

Constructing a Collector without providing a filter function will now throw a meaningful `TypeError`.

### Guild

#### Guild#bans

> New property for the Guild's `GuildBanManager`

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
New property for the Guild's `GuildBanManager`.
```

#### Guild#create

`Guild#systemChannelFlags` can now be set in the `Guild#create` method.

#### Guild#edit

`Guild#description` and `Guild#features` can now be edited.

#### Guild#emojis

The `GuildEmojiManager` now extends `BaseGuildEmojiManager`.

In addition to the existing methods, it now supports `GuildEmojiManager#fetch`.

#### Guild#nsfw

> Guilds can now be marked as NSFW

Reviewer 13: ```suggestion
Guilds can now be marked as NSFW.
```

#### Guild#owner

> The `Guild#owner` property has been removed as it was unreliable due to caching, replaced with `Guild#fetchOwner`

Author: Don't agree with this one. The comma suits the current wording, changing it to "it is now" should be preceded with a semicolon.

# Updating from v12 to v13

## Before you start

v13 requires Node 14.x or higher to use, so make sure you're up to date. To check your Node version, use `node -v` in your terminal or command prompt, and if it's not high enough, update it! There are many resources online to help you with this step based on your host system.

Once you've got Node up-to-date, you can install v13 by running `npm install discord.js` in your terminal or command prompt for text-only use, or `npm install discord.js @discordjs/opus` for voice support.

You can check your discord.js version with `npm list discord.js`. Should it still show v12.x uninstall (`npm uninstall discord.js`) and re-install discord.js and make sure the entry in your package.json does not prevent a major version update. Please refer to the [npm documentation](https://docs.npmjs.com/files/package.json#dependencies) for this.

## API Version

Discord.js v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8.

## Slash Commands

Discord.js now has support for Slash Commands!

Refer to the [Interactions](/interactions/registering-slash-commands) section of this guide to get started.

> This also includes three new Client events, `applicationCommandCreate`, `applicationCommandDelete` and `applicationCommandUpdate`

Reviewer 11: Yup, that would be nice 👍

## Commonly used methods that changed

### Intents

As v13 makes the switch to Discord API v8, it will now be **required** to specify intents in your Client constructor. 

They also move from `ClientOptions#ws#intents` to the top level `ClientOptions#intents`.

Refer to our more [detailed article about this topic](/popular-topics/intents).

```diff
- const client = new Client({ ws: { intents: [Intents.FLAGS.GUILDS, Intents.FLAGS.GUILD_MESSAGES] });
+ const client = new Client({ intents: [Intents.FLAGS.GUILDS, Intents.FLAGS.GUILD_MESSAGES] });
```

### Allowed Mentions

`clientOptions.disableMentions` has been removed and replaced with `clientOptions.allowedMentions`!

The Discord API now allows bots much more granular control over mention parsing, down to the specific ID. Refer to the [Discord API documentation](https://discord.com/developers/docs/resources/channel#allowed-mentions-object) for more information.

```diff
- const client = new Discord.Client({ disableMentions: 'everyone' });
+ const client = new Discord.Client({ allowedMentions: { parse: ['users', 'roles'], repliedUser: true } });
```

> :::

Reviewer 11: Is this a typo or there supposed to be a tip/warning here?

### Replies / Message#reply

`Message.reply()` will no longer result in the bot prepending a user mention to the content, replacing the behavior with Discord's reply feature.

> `MessageOptions.reply` (User ID) has been removed, replaced with `MessageOptions.reply` (Message ID)

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
`MessageOptions.reply` (User ID) has been removed, replaced with `MessageOptions.reply.messageReference` (Message ID)
```

```diff
- channel.send('content', { reply: '123456789012345678' })` // User ID

> + channel.send('content', { replyTo: '765432109876543219' })` // Message ID

Reviewer 11: ```suggestion
+ channel.send('content', { reply: { messageReference: '779402811053965352' }}) // Message ID
```
